							       Report 
							 Meeting with Ahsan
						   understanding the business model
#Types of Project:
	There are two types of project 
	1- fixed price	2- dedicated 
#Fixed Price:
	They are Fixed by price as the name signifies. Our sales team uses different strategies to acquire these kind of projects.
	They cold call the clients to offer their services. And then they try to convience them with as much effort as possible.
	Sometimes they go networking events like trade shows to have new connections with different companies. this connection building 
	would give projects or money making opportunity to Coeus. 

#How is a fixed price project developed?
	Our project manager talk to the client and try to clear the requirments. After the requirements get clear then it is discussed with
	the team lead of concerened technology. there are always some technical constraints reported by the team lead that will be conveyed to 		the client.After all this discussion a deal is finalized and delegated to the developers.
#Dedicated projects:
	According to Ahsan these are preffered projects because they are much secure in terms of payoffs. we charge them on man day 		basis which are pre-decided that is how many days will the developer will be engaged in serving them with a little flexible scheme.
	if somehow it requires 2-3 more days then it can be manged. In addition, all the facilities regarding project management, QA etc are 
	mentioned in the contract.
#supplement Projects:
	Sometimes when the requirements are more dynamic or misunderstood then that matter will be communicated to the client.
	if he agreed to them and stills want the project to be developed a supplement project is signed to fulfill all the requirements.
#Strategic partnership:
	In order to keep the business alive coeus has also made partners, much bigger in scale. there names are metadesign, three BC , 		housepilot. when we made partners like metadesign then they bid on the projects ,like projects from autostart, in case of successfull 		attempt that project will be handled to the coeus. because we provide them tech-services.Coeus is also working to build partnership 		with "ecomic" 
Online freelancing plateform for companies:
	like "www.twago.com" is also used to acquire different projects. All these efforts has to be made for the sake of business 		there are project then there is business.

Top Clients:
	1- MetaDesign
	2- Autostart
	3- Three BC
	4- House pilot
#Local Comptitors:
	there are few local compititor because they are a part of different market most of them are working in USA. As we are located in 	Germnay so we have different things to do and different services to offer.
#global Compititor:
	As germany has opned her gate for ukrain and bulgaria so there seems to be a compititions. we have to take good care of competitive 		prices and some extra services. this will add value to our company and help us to servive our client.
#Future Plans:
	Ahsan said, we are More concerned with building a positive culture in coeus which is performance oriented. Trying to ensure Quality 		through a proper process.And to make sure user friendly interface through hiring designers. 





