                                                              HR Meeting Report


							    Author: Saad Waseem
							    Submitted to: Mr. Zaki & Mr. Qasim
							    Dated:  7-07-2015

Introduction: 

This report was made for the purpose of listing all the important points that I learned during my Session with HR manager at Coeus solutions. The essence of this report is to ensure that I knew all the polices of Coeus solutions.

Summary:

There are mainly six types of policies 
      
      1- those that deal with employee recruitment 
2- behavioral and dress code 
3- accounts and allowances
4- Increment and bonuses 
5- resignation and termination 
6- Promotions

Employee Recruitment:

The recruitment policy at Coeus was well defined, initial test then multiple interviews and after all this. A three month probation period the first six weeks are called “Boot Camp”. The “Boot Camp” was set for the professional grooming of newly hired employees.

Behavioral and Dress code:

I was told not to get late, maximum time limit would be 10:00 am. It was  enforced by HR manager that your behavior with other employees should be ethical. As far as dressing is concerned no specific dress code was there one could dress as he desire but it should be reasonable.

Accounts and Allowances:

HR manager told me about accounts department. Which is managed by Muzaffar, the Account's Manager. He deals with Tax polices applicable to all the employees, funds reimbursement, allowances and other funds, an employee can avail during his service. All these policies were quite easy to understand.
 
Recommendations: 1- There should be a smart device allowance so that an employee could enjoy the taste of new technologies rather to work around out dated devices.
2- There should not be any Lunch fee deduction, lunch should be provided by the company as it is done in other companies. So I request consider his issue. If you could facilitate your employees with this lunch service. 

Increments and Bonuses:

There were two bonuses every year in the month of July and January with conditions applied. Increments will be awarded annually in the month of July, and it will amount to 20% of the basic salary. The increment can also vary depending upon the performance.

Resignation and Termination:

In case an employee want to leave the company, he should inform by one month before the resignation. This period should be taken care of so that company could manage replacement without bearing any loss. In case an employee was not fulfilling his job the company has the right to fire him in the worst case.

Promotion:

When the minimum time-line required for a particular post is completed the employee can apply for post promotion. After application submission his performance  will be evaluated and peer reviews will be taken especially the team leads will be give special priority. All these reviews will be given to head of engineering to get them reviewed and normalized. If this cycle ends successfully the applicant will be promoted to higher post otherwise things can be back tracked which lack mutual interest.

Recommendation: Before promoting an employee to a certain post, there must be a minimum level of qualification that he must have. He must possess good  interpersonal skills that must have been tested. The employee must have a diverse experience of working with different projects under different roles.   

Recommendation:

One thing that I think should be a part of “Boot camp” is the comparison of Coeus and Different companies local and global. Because it will clear the position of the company to the employee. The company's vision and its distinction.
