
this is in continution of assignment, meeting with the team leads. we arranged our 2nd meeting with Imran Khan team lead web. 
Now a days he is working on laravel.

He discussed his three projects with us 
1-Fair instance 
2- participate
3- House pilot

Participate and House pilot are medium scale projects whereas Fair instance is small scale project. All of these three projects are developed in laravel.

Fair instance: 
			This is a clone of "tipico.com", a site which is used for biding on live matches all over the world. there are many modules which are difficult to handle 
XML parsing:   1- Xml parsing  is used to show the match shedule matcehs that are going on and that will happen in future.
			  2- To show live match results and keep them up-to-date for each match that is being played at someplace 
Record maintaing:	
			  1- To keep record of all these matches in such a huge amount.
Live chat:
			with all the above mentioned mess there is a facitiy of live chat which is not easy to implement.Due to these difficult to implement features.
 			He prefered to use laravel because it is easy to use. Laravel is a hybrid of multiple things like ROR, symphony. it has well structured ORM with sohphisticated
			template engine.

2- Participate:
			
			it is a platform for NGOs multiple NGOs can submit there projects offers and needs. These projects will be assigned to a project manager. 
			A normal user will be able to participate in this project by using the very site. He can donate money or any other stuff online.
			After the deal is done a meeting is scheduled to receive the donation.

Features:
	Registration
	Karma-points
	Projects(offer/need)
	Timeline
	Messaging 
	activity record on timeline

Difficulties:
	calculation of karma-points and maintaining activity record on timeline 

3- House pilot:
	This project is related to real estate. It four types of user
		1- Admin
		2- property owner
		3- tenant
		4- house pilot

Property owner:	 can create and edit properties
Admin: 	can review and publish properties submitted by property owner
Tenant: 	can search different agents or properties 
House Pilot: 	its role is similar to a property dealer (Mediator)

there is also a built in scheduling system, which can be used to arrange a meeting. Property owner can also filter on the basis of parameters (optional/mandatory). 
Those properties which has mandatory parameters must be fetched and showed to property owner.